AgileArtifacts.md, before:

# Agile Artifacts 

## Sprint backlog list of achievables (annotate changes made during sprint, including data required)
 - Styled the HTML for Timer Help
 - Will be arranging it into the selectable selector for Timer Help
 - Arranged selectable and HTML for selector in Timer Help 
 - Styled HTML for Planner Help
 - Styled HTML for Study Tips Help
 - Finished User Documentation

## Increment (what must be achieved by the end of the sprint)
- ~~User Help Guide for Study Timer page~~
- ~~User Help Guide for Study Planner page~~
- ~~User Help Guide for Study Tips page~~
- ~~User Documentation~~ 
- Developer Documentation


## Sprint Review 
### What challenges did you have
- The main challenge was probably organising the user documentation so its easier for the user to understand
### What did you do well
- I think I did the dropdown menu well as it can seamlessly switch between different options 
### What will you do differently next time
- Perhaps styling it slightly better than what I have right now

Commit message:

Finish Sprint: Note - Changed Sprint 0.5 UserHelpGuide -> 1.0 Final Sprint

AgileArtifacts.md, after:

# Agile Artifacts 

## Sprint backlog list of achievables (annotate changes made during sprint, including data required)
 - Styled the HTML for Timer Help
 - Will be arranging it into the selectable selector for Timer Help
 - Arranged selectable and HTML for selector in Timer Help 
 - Styled HTML for Planner Help
 - Styled HTML for Study Tips Help
 - Finished User Documentation
 - Added comments and updated maintenance.md

## Increment (what must be achieved by the end of the sprint)
- ~~User Help Guide for Study Timer page~~
- ~~User Help Guide for Study Planner page~~
- ~~User Help Guide for Study Tips page~~
- ~~User Documentation~~ 
- ~~Developer Documentation~~


## Sprint Review 
### What challenges did you have
- The main challenge was probably organising the user documentation so its easier for the user to understand
### What did you do well
- I think I did the dropdown menu well as it can seamlessly switch between different options 
- Organising the maintenance.md 
### What will you do differently next time
- Perhaps styling it slightly better than what I have right now
- Listing variables as I am working on the sprint for easier time with maintenance.md
