Maintenance.md, before:

# Maintenance 
This application is run on a PWA system, where the SQL database is used for the study tips function. 

## Main Variables 
### Study Timer
- `startTime` - gets locale time asstart time
- `endTime`- gets locale time and additional time for when timer ends 
- `plantGraphic` - Changes between images/graphics
                         - Pot -> Setting Time
                         - Growing Plant/Sprout -> Timer counting down 
                         - Watering Plant -> Pausing Timer (Break Time)
                         - Dead/Wilted Plant -> User ends timer early 
                         - Grown Plant -> Timer ends naturally 
- `pauseduration` - gets locale time and adds additional time for break
- `difference` - calculate the difference between endDate and startDate
- `timerHours` - gets the first to substring of user input
- `timerMinutes` - gets the 3rd and 4th substring of user input 

### Study Planner

### Study Tips


## List of Functions 
### Study Timer 
- `startTimer()` - Calculates study time from getting current time + user input time 
- `Timer()` - Is the countdown, for every second calculates and display remaing hours, minutes and seconds. 
- `stopTimer()` - Pause timer, enable unpause button, sets a interval time 
- `breakTime()` - Calculate break timer from getting current time + 5 minutes for display 
- `resumeTimer()` - Get remaining time, and unpause timer, enable pause button 
- `timeLeft()` - Calculate new study time end from getting current time + remaining time
- `endTimer()` - Clears and stops all SetIntervals, switches to end UI  
- `success()` - When timer ends naturally displays successful end UI 
- `finishUI()` - Button modification for end UIs 
- `checknotify()` - Checks user's notification settings 
- `clock.js` - For accurate time, clock function is placed in a seperate js 

#### Other Notes: 
- Clock and Current Timer is set using LocaleTime function 
- User can only input Hours and Minutes 
- Break Time goes for an additional 30 seconds as a leeway 

### Study Planner
- `addTask()` - Adds Task to taskArray and Due Date to deadlineArray
- `displayTask()` - Gets items from local storage arrays and displays them as a task card
- `removeTask()` - Gets the item by index and removes from corresponding array and re-store them into local storage
- `loadTask()` - When planner first loads checks if there are any items in array and displays them 
- `date.js` - For accurate date, date function is placed in a seperate js 

#### Other Notes: 
- Displayed stored task in a task card including: Task Details, Due Date & Delete Task

### Study Tips
- `appendData()` - Pulls tips data from SQL database and creates displays for each of them 
- `selection()` - Shows specific data depending on user selection using dropdown 

#### Other Notes 
- Data is organised by tipID, name, details 
    - ID is organised from 1 -> last tip number 

## Errors and Issues with Applications
- Lag of displaying locale time clock in the Study Timer and Date for the Study Tips 
- Errors if you switch between pause and unpause to quickly due to calculation lag

Commit message:

Function List for Maintenance.md are written

Maintenance.md, after:

# Maintenance 
This application is run on a PWA system, where the SQL database is used for the study tips function. 
Most time related functions are run on the LocaleTime/Date function. Local Storage is also used to store task data.

## Main Variables 
### Study Timer
- `startTime` - gets locale time asstart time
- `endTime`- gets locale time and additional time for when timer ends 
- `plantGraphic` - Changes between images/graphics
    - Pot -> Setting Time
    - Growing Plant/Sprout -> Timer counting down 
    - Watering Plant -> Pausing Timer (Break Time)
    - Dead/Wilted Plant -> User ends timer early 
    - Grown Plant -> Timer ends naturally 
- `pauseduration` - gets locale time and adds additional time for break
- `difference` - calculate the difference between endDate and startDate
- `timerHours` - gets the first two substring of user input
- `timerMinutes` - gets the 3rd and 4th substring of user input 

### Study Planner
- `taskArray` - stores entered task until page reloads 
- `deadlineArray` - stores entered due dates until page reloads 
- `arrayIndex` - gets the item of that index and increment to get next time 
- `storedTasks` - local storage for tasks until deleted 
- `storedDates` - local storage for due dates until deleted

### Study Tips
- `tipID` - ID of the tip, ID is organised from 1 -> last tip number, from SQL database
- `name` - name of the tip from SQL database
- `details` - details/information of the tip from SQL database

## List of Functions 
### Study Timer 
- `startTimer()` - Calculates study time from getting current time + user input time 
- `Timer()` - Is the countdown, for every second calculates and display remaing hours, minutes and seconds. 
- `stopTimer()` - Pause timer, enable unpause button, sets a interval time 
- `breakTime()` - Calculate break timer from getting current time + 5 minutes for display 
- `resumeTimer()` - Get remaining time, and unpause timer, enable pause button 
- `timeLeft()` - Calculate new study time end from getting current time + remaining time
- `endTimer()` - Clears and stops all SetIntervals, switches to end UI  
- `success()` - When timer ends naturally displays successful end UI 
- `finishUI()` - Button modification for end UIs 
- `checknotify()` - Checks user's notification settings 
- `clock.js` - For accurate time, clock function is placed in a seperate js 

#### Other Notes: 
- User can only input Hours and Minutes 
- Break Time goes for an additional 30 seconds as a leeway 

### Study Planner
- `addTask()` - Adds Task to taskArray and Due Date to deadlineArray
- `displayTask()` - Gets items from local storage arrays and displays them as a task card
- `removeTask()` - Gets the item by index and removes from corresponding array and re-store them into local storage
- `loadTask()` - When planner first loads checks if there are any items in array and displays them 
- `date.js` - For accurate date, date function is placed in a seperate js 

#### Other Notes: 
- Displayed stored task in a task card including: Task Details, Due Date & Delete Task

### Study Tips
- `appendData()` - Pulls tips data from SQL database and creates displays for each of them 
- `selection()` - Shows specific data depending on user selection using dropdown 


## List Errors and Issues with Applications
- Lag of displaying locale time clock in the Study Timer and Date for the Study Tips 
- Errors if you switch between pause and unpause to quickly due to calculation lag
